Add release notes for Docker Desktop 4.23.0 (#18104)
docker/docs: content/desktop/release-notes.md

For frequently asked questions about Docker Desktop releases, see [FAQs](faqs/releases.md).

## 4.22.0

{{< release-date date="2023-08-03" >}}

{{< desktop-install all=true version="4.22.0" build_path="/117440/" >}}

### Upgrades
- [Compose v2.21.0](https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/tag/v2.21.0)
- [Docker Scout CLI v0.24.1](https://github.com/docker/scout-cli/releases/tag/v0.24.1). With Docker Scout, you can now:
  - Docker Desktop can now manage temporary and cached files with `docker scout cache`.
  - Docker Desktop can now manage environments with `docker scout environment`.
  - You can now configure default organization with `docker scout config`.
  - List packages of an image with their vulnerabilities with `docker scout cves --format only-packages`.
  - You can enroll an organization with Docker scout with `docker scout enroll`.

>   - Docker Desktop allow sto analyse and compare local file system with `docker scout cves --type fs`.

Reviewer: These switch between "Docker Desktop can now..." and "You can now...", I think they should all be made consistent

Author: I thought it was so repetitive, but I left it with `you can now`

### New

- Added support for new Wasm runtimes: wws and lunatic.
- `docker init` now supports ASP.NET

### Bug fixes and enhancements

#### For all platforms

- Updated wasmtime, wasmedge to revision `d0a1a1cd`.

> - Updated slight and spin wasm rountimes to `v0.9.0`.

Reviewer: Should these be in `## Upgrades` (perhaps under a `Wasm Runtimes` bullet?)

- Fixed a bug where docker stats would hang when Docker Desktop was in Resource Saver mode.

> - Increase performance of exposed ports, e.g. with `docker run -p`.

Reviewer: Maybe this should be in "New"?

Author: done!

- Fixed a bug where disabling experimental features via the Docker Desktop Dashboard Settings would not fully disable the resource saver feature.
- containerd-integration: Fixed `failed to read config content` error when interacting with some images.
- containerd-integration: Fixed building Dockerfiles with `FROM scratch` instruction when using the legacy classic builder (`DOCKER_BUILDKIT=0`).
- containerd-integration: Fixed `mismatched image rootfs errors` when building images with legacy classic builder (`DOCKER_BUILDKIT=0`).
- containerd integration: Fixed `ONBUILD` and `MAINTAINER` Dockerfile instruction
- containerd integration: Fixed healthchecks.

#### For Mac

> - Eligible users will now have VirtioFS as default. The option can be disabled in the **General** tab.

Reviewer: "The option can be disabled in the **General** tab."

Disable is awkward here, it's not a toggle - perhaps something about how it's possible to "revert to gRPC FUSE"?

Author: `All users on macOs 12.5 or greater will now have VirtioFS enabled by default. This can be reverted in the **General** tab.`

?

For frequently asked questions about Docker Desktop releases, see [FAQs](faqs/releases.md).

## 4.22.0

> {{< release-date date="2023-08-03" >}}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{< release-date date="2023-09-11" >}}
```

{{< desktop-install all=true version="4.22.0" build_path="/117440/" >}}

### Upgrades
- [Compose v2.21.0](https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/tag/v2.21.0)
- [Docker Engine v24.0.6](https://docs.docker.com/engine/release-notes/24.0/#2406)

> - [Docker Scout CLI v0.24.1](https://github.com/docker/scout-cli/releases/tag/v0.24.1). With Docker Scout, you can now:

Reviewer 2: Upon reflection, I'm not sure all of this looks right here 🤔 
Let's keep the `[Docker Scout CLI v0.24.1](https://github.com/docker/scout-cli/releases/tag/v0.24.1)` where it is, but more `With Docker Scout, you can now:...` and all the bullet points to below 'Bug fixes and enhancements` section

>   - You can now manage temporary and cached files with `docker scout cache`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Manage temporary and cached files with `docker scout cache`.
```

>   - You can now manage environments with `docker scout environment`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Manage environments with `docker scout environment`.
```

>   - You can now configure default organization with `docker scout config`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Configure the default organization with `docker scout config`.
```

  - List packages of an image with their vulnerabilities with `docker scout cves --format only-packages`.

>   - You can enroll an organization with Docker scout with `docker scout enroll`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Enroll an organization with Docker scout with `docker scout enroll`.
```

>   - You can now stop, analyse and compare local file system with `docker scout cves --type fs`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Stop, analyze, and compare local file systems with `docker scout cves --type fs`.
```

- Wasm runtimes:
  - wasmtime, wasmedge revision `d0a1a1cd`.
  - slight and spin wasm `v0.9.0`.

### New

> - Added support for new Wasm runtimes: wws and lunatic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added support for new Wasm runtimes, wws and lunatic.
```

Author: here the Wasm runtimes are wws and lunatic, do we still want to change to the comma?

- `docker init` now supports ASP.NET

> - Increase performance of exposed ports, e.g. with `docker run -p`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Increased performance of exposed ports, for example with `docker run -p`.
```

### Bug fixes and enhancements

#### For all platforms

> - Fixed a bug where docker stats would hang when Docker Desktop was in Resource Saver mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where container stats would hang when Docker Desktop was in Resource Saver mode.
```

> - Fixed a bug where disabling experimental features via the Docker Desktop Dashboard Settings would not fully disable the resource saver feature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where turning off experimental features via **Settings** in the Docker Dashboard would not fully turn off Resource Saver mode. 
```

> - Fixed a bug where the **Containers list** action button where clipped.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where the **Containers list** action button was clipped.
```

> - containerd-integration: Fixed `failed to read config content` error when interacting with some images.

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should group all the containerd integration notes together like:

- containerd image store:
     - Fixed .....
     - Fixed......

- containerd-integration: Fixed building Dockerfiles with `FROM scratch` instruction when using the legacy classic builder (`DOCKER_BUILDKIT=0`).
- containerd-integration: Fixed `mismatched image rootfs errors` when building images with legacy classic builder (`DOCKER_BUILDKIT=0`).
- containerd integration: Fixed `ONBUILD` and `MAINTAINER` Dockerfile instruction
- containerd integration: Fixed healthchecks.

#### For Mac

> - All users on macOs 12.5 or greater will now have VirtioFS enabled by default. This can be reverted in the **General** tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- All users on macOs 12.5 or greater now have VirtioFS turned on by default. This can be reverted in **Settings** in the **General** tab.
```

- Improved single-stream TCP throughput.

> - Reinstated the health check for macOS that notifies users if there has been a change on their system which might cause problems running Docker binaries.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Reinstated the health check for macOS that notifies you if there has been a change on your system which might cause problems running Docker binaries.
```

For frequently asked questions about Docker Desktop releases, see [FAQs](faqs/releases.md).

## 4.22.0

{{< release-date date="2023-08-11" >}}

{{< desktop-install all=true version="4.22.0" build_path="/117440/" >}}

### Upgrades
- [Compose v2.21.0](https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/tag/v2.21.0)
- [Docker Engine v24.0.6](https://docs.docker.com/engine/release-notes/24.0/#2406)
- [Docker Scout CLI v0.24.1](https://github.com/docker/scout-cli/releases/tag/v0.24.1).
- Wasm runtimes:
  - wasmtime, wasmedge revision `d0a1a1cd`.
  - slight and spin wasm `v0.9.0`.

### New

- Added support for new Wasm runtimes: wws and lunatic.
- `docker init` now supports ASP.NET

> - Increased performance of exposed ports, for example with `docker run -p`.

Reviewer 3: This improvement is only on macOS, so we should either move it to the For Mac section, or keep it here and add "on macOS" here

### Bug fixes and enhancements

#### For all platforms

With Docker Scout, you can now:
  - Manage temporary and cached files with `docker scout cache`.
  - Manage environments with `docker scout environment`.
  - Configure the default organization with `docker scout config`.
  - List packages of an image with their vulnerabilities with `docker scout cves --format only-packages`.
  - Enroll an organization with Docker scout with `docker scout enroll`.
  - Stop, analyze, and compare local file systems with `docker scout cves --type fs`.

> - Fixed a bug where container stats would hang when Docker Desktop was in Resource Saver mode.

Author: Done!
